RHOAIENG-207: Document the user information required for any Pipeline execution path (#289)
opendatahub-io/ai-edge: manifests/tasks/retrieve-build-image-info/README.md

# `retrieve-build-image-info`

> This tasks return more detailed info about a model that has just been built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task returns more detailed info about a model that has just been built and builds a url.txt file with all image tags to be pushed to.
```

## Parameters
* **namespace**: The namespace where the model was built
* **model-name**: The name of the model
* **model-version**: The version of the model built
* **buildah-sha**: The built image digest
* **pipeline-run-uid**: The pipeline run id that was run to build the model
* **candidate-image-tag-reference**: The image tag references used when testing the image
* **target-image-tag-references**: The image tag references used for the final built image

## Workspaces

> * **images-url**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **images-url**: workspace where url.txt file is created
```
